# Description of System

The Health Circles mobile app encourages users to have a holistic view of their own mental health. Users answer questions to quantifiably describe their well-being in several different domains (physical, mental, emotional, social, spiritual) which are represented visually as concentric circles of varying sizes. Users can add activities to their calendar to improve their well-being.

# Current Features

Users answer the health questionnaire, preferably doing all 5 domains (social, emotional, mental, physical, and spiritual).

- Users can choose which domains to do the questionnaire for.
- Users answer questions to rank aspects of each domain (eg sleep for the physical domain) on a scale of 1-7, represented by a frowny face for 1 and a smiley face for 7.

Users can view circle visualizations

- The visualizations consist of circles representing each health domain
- The size of each circle correlates with their wellbeing in each domain
- The visualizations are generated by random values at this point, not user data

Users can access a calendar within the app which shows the dates of scheduled activities and when domains were updated.

- They can view as a calendar or a list
- They can add new activities or edit existing activities

Users navigate the app with a bottom navigation menu

- They can tap buttons to jump directly to the calendar, questionnaires, circle visualization, and settings
- Standard back to previous screen button

Users can view colour schemes for each health domain, but cannot switch them at this stage

**TODO: write about server, login/registration, info on circles page, settings page, themes (can read but not write -- how should we demo this?), daily notifications to check app (might not work on android emulator)**

## Features Not Included/Known Bugs

- No questions exist for the Spiritual domain. If only that domain is selected for a questionnaire, the app will crash. **TODO: double check this**

**TODO: other known bugs**

# User Group

People who do not work with our client, Dr Dawson, but are interested in improving their own mental health.

# List of Tasks
1. "Register" for an account and login
2. Schedule a daily reminder to check the app (for testing purposes, pick a time in the next few minutes)
3. Fill out a questionnaire.
4. Edit your completed questionnaire.
5. View the Circles page. These are a representation of your score for each domain.
6. View the suggested activities, and add one to your calendar.
7. Edit an activity in the calendar.
8. Log out of the app.

# Video Demo

**TODO**

# Heuristic Evaluation Survey

[link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdTY7NR-L9TKDOhcJmgn7vmEN0A6KYMM0NiC4vDJ1hhfAEK5g/viewform?usp=sf_link)
