# Client Meeting 30 October 2020

online meeting (Collaborate Ultra)
minutes recorded by Michael

## Attendees

- Michael Crouse
- Dr. Kim Dawson

## Agenda

- New meeting time for weeks going forward
- what data to collect from app, usage, pickups, notifications

## Notes

- Kim wanted to change meeting time to 9:30am on Fridays going forward. He brought it up in previous meetings. I let him know I would check with other groups but I thought this would work.
- Kim brought up push notifications, which I had mentioned before. I clarified that these notifications would really only be used for reminders set within the app, to notify the user when they had been requested. We have no intention of spamming the user with unnecessary push notifications.
- I asked about usage data from the app. He said he would like to have individual identifiable usage data for his clients, but not for general public users.
- I shared Meredith's app flow figma so he could have a better idea of our flow through. I focused on the circle visualization screen and talked about issues with overlap there. We decided that it would be a good idea to add scorecard type buttons to be able to click and bring that specific circle to the front. Then the user would be able to prioritize the domain from there. He was happy with the overall flow through.

## Action Items

- Check with other group client liaisons and confirm meeting for Nov 6 9:30am
